***Scott Bassingthwaighte-Hatch***

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ *Email: bassings\@gmail.com +61 413 877523
www.linkedin.com/in/bassings* \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY**

I am a driven people leader with a deep technical background and a
growth mindset. My key strengths and successes are based on building
strong and lasting relationships, effective communications and
positivity. Empowering good people to do great things, though effective
coaching and leadership, is at the core of what I do best.

**CAREER HIGHLIGHTS**

-   Lead the growth of a multi-cloud consulting practise in North
    > America (Azure/AWS/GCP).

-   Leading the adoption of the agile methodology in technology through
    > the creation/facilitation of an organisation wide team agility and
    > performance guild

-   Leading the architecture of network and supporting infrastructure
    > for 2 new data centres and migrated 1000 applications in a tight
    > timeframe with no impact to the business

-   Achieved substantial cost savings in data centre space and power
    > costs by moving from 20% to 85% virtualisation

-   Reduced support ticket backlogs from over 1000 to less than 100 and
    > lowered critical response times from weeks to minutes, via
    > continuous improvement

-   Designed and championed numerous projects to improve delivery,
    > reduce costs and enable application builders to create excellent
    > products in a high paced and time conscious environment.

**AREAS OF EXPERTISE**

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| -   Culture, diversity and       | -   Cost and budget management   |
|     > inclusion champion         |                                  |
|                                  | -   Service delivery and service |
| -   Coaching, mentoring and      |     > level management           |
|     > empowering high            |                                  |
|     > performance teams          | -   Risk management              |
|                                  |                                  |
| -   C-level stakeholder          | -   Infrastructure design        |
|     > communication              |                                  |
|                                  | -   Technical operations         |
| -   Execution and coaching in    |     > management                 |
|     > agile methodologies        |                                  |
|                                  | -   Enterprise architecture      |
| -   Relationship building and    |                                  |
|     > collaboration              | -   Deep technical knowledge of  |
|                                  |     > technology infrastructure. |
| -   Roadmaps and strategy        |                                  |
|     > creation and execution     |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| -   Agile and Waterfall Project  |                                  |
|     > management                 |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| -   Building and delivery of     |                                  |
|     > training programs          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| -   Process improvement          |                                  |
|                                  |                                  |
| -   Application security and     |                                  |
|     > risk management            |                                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE**

**Sourced Group Ltd (Toronto, Canada) July 2019 -- Present**

**Head of Consulting -- North America\
**With my background in leadership and financial services I was sought
out by Sourced to help build out their consulting practise in the North
American region. Sourced specializes in developing and implementing at
scale Cloud Computing programs for highly regulated and security
conscious organizations. Sourced business strategy is to achieve 100%
growth in revenue each year which makes it a fast paced and highly agile
organization.

As a member of the North American leadership team reporting to the
regional managing director, my responsibilities and achievements in this
role include:

-   Managing client relationships, negotiating large and complex
    statements of work

-   Managing the consulting sales lifecycle.

-   Building and executing strategy for 100% year on year growth for the
    region

-   Ownership and continuous improvement of the resource management
    process

-   Creation of learning communities for both technical and people
    skills which created events for personal growth in the practise

-   Setting and executing personal growth goals for the consulting
    practise to enable them to grow their careers

-   Identification and creation of reusable IP to accelerate future
    consulting engagements

-   Creation of career frameworks and career plans for the consulting
    team which resulted in a 25% increase in promotions.

-   Managed the successful transition of the practise to remote work
    during COVID 19

**Macquarie Group Ltd (Sydney, NSW) May 2005 -- July 201**

**Associate Director --- Scrum Master / Project Manager ---
Infrastructure automation (2018)**

This green field innovation project focussed on accelerating automation
within Macquarie's Infrastructure portfolio, with the goal of enabling
IT application development teams to build services faster and accelerate
innovation.

-   Effective vendor management and collaboration with the consulting
    > group UST Global

-   Interviewed potential candidates to build technical capabilities in
    > our team and to enhance innovation through cultural and gender
    > diversity

-   Built a strong understanding of process, culture and technical
    > agility within teams

-   Championed diversity of gender and sexuality, as a Macquarie
    > diversity coach, by mentoring females high school students to
    > understand the benefits of a career in Science, Technology,
    > Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)

-   Developed an energised, empowered an agile team of programmers

-   Leveraged my network of relationships to get timely feedback to
    > deliver the highest value capabilities faster.

**Associate Director --- Product Owner Virtualisation (2015** --
**2017)**

After architecting the services for a new Hong Kong data centre with I
was chartered with ownership of the *On-premise VMware private cloud*
and the *Vendor managed private cloud*. The role was at the centre of an
organisational migration to a *DevOps* model, combining operations and
engineering into an agile, continuous improvement model. As product
owner I was accountable for the end to end operation and improvement of
our Private Cloud services including roadmaps, budgets, risks and
incidents. I effectively lead a team of 10 resources across 4 regions,
with indirect management of a broader team.

-   Drove substantial cost saving by reducing wasted storage

-   Reduced the risk profile via effective and rigorous risk management
    > principles

-   Transitioned the Team to a DevOps, agile model to increase the speed
    > at which we delivered capabilities

-   Increased visibility to Service Owners on how service usage directly
    > affected technology spend

-   Effectively delivered a managed global private cloud service.

**Associate Director --- Architect for Private Cloud and Infrastructure
Automation (2013** -- **2015)**

As a key member of the *Cloud Services Team* I managed the migration to
a cloud-based model, enabling dev ops and continuous development. The
model utilised the VMWare's vRealize Automation Centre to automate
service delivery. This effectively reduced cost time to deliver, while
allowing flexibility in deploying applications to multiple internal and
external cloud computing farms (both private/public). This automated
model was then effectively applied to the migration of a critical data
centre in Hong Kong. The migration was successfully completed in a very
time critical window, that was driven by the demolition of the building
housing the existing data centre. Substantial cost savings were realised
with no impact to the business during the migration.

-   Designed a solution to allow operating system deployment to be fully
    > automated, end to end, saving hours of resource time-per-build and
    > increasing the speed that business could deploy and test
    > applications

-   Effectively managed requirements and established solid and timely
    > communication with C-level management

-   Designed a *managed private cloud solution*, based on the VMWare
    > stack, in collaboration with a managed services vendor

-   Drove refactoring in Hong Kong, to move from Physical servers to
    > converged virtual infrastructure, using the automation stack.
    > Achieved substantial cost savings in data centre space and power
    > costs by moving from 20% to 85% virtualisation.

**Associate Director** -- **Service Support Owner -- Macquarie Group
(2010** -- **2013)**

Effectively managed the global Windows Operation's teams to deliver
efficiency and continuous service improvement. This resulted in
measurable improvement to customer service and reduced operational
costs. This included governance and accountability over the stability of
global Wintel and virtualisation service including Active Directory,
Windows Servers, File Services, Virtualisation (VMware), Monitoring (MS
Systems Centre Operations Manager), Systems Management (MS System Centre
Configuration Manager).

-   Implemented continuous service improvement principals in to the
    > global support teams to focus on the cause of incidents and fixing
    > root cause rather than dealing with symptoms

-   Drove ticket backlogs from over 1000 to below 100 and response times
    > from weeks to minutes for critical requests

-   Matured capacity management processes and created reports to allow
    > the service to proactively manage capacity

-   Empowered the technical teams by making them accountable for
    > measuring and driving stability, in smaller parts of the service.
    > This resulted in gains in efficiency and all team members having a
    > much better understanding the services

-   Implemented significant changes to the Service roadmap, allowing the
    > Engineering Team to focus on features and products to improve
    > efficiency. This in turn reduced operational spend

-   Effectively transitioned resources from operations to engineering,
    > resulting in reduced spend and accelerating delivery of new
    > services to the business.

**Senior Manager -- Senior Wintel Engineer/ Team Leader (2005** --
**2010)**

In my initial role with the Engineering Solutions Team, I focussed on
self-improvement and embraced the qualities of a self‑confident and
respected leader. As a team lead I was responsible for effective, global
delivery of all projects in the Wintel space. During this time, I
managed 16 staff, ranging from graduates working their first job to
seasoned senior engineers. Using my knowledge of technology and having a
deep understanding of Macquarie's policies and risk management
frameworks, I ensured that all Team members were empowered with the
skills and knowledge to succeed.

-   Implemented an extensive roadmap to deliver changes that would drive
    > business productivity, via solid collaboration

-   Designed and implemented infrastructure and process to automate the
    > distribution and reporting of security patches, to the Windows
    > Desktop/Server Fleet

-   Designed and implemented infrastructure and process for managing the
    > distribution of software package and the capture of inventory data
    > for the desktop/server fleet

-   Engineered a global automated process to distribute the Windows OS,
    > effectively reducing the build time for new servers.

**PRE 2005**

-   Technisyst Pty Ltd -- Senior Professional Services engineer (2001
    > -- 2005)

-   Davnet Pty Ltd -- System Operations Engineer (2000 -- 2001)

-   Technisyst Computing (Brisbane) -- Project Support Engineer /
    > Network Administrator (1997 -- 2000).

**CERTIFICATIONS / TRAINING**

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+
| -   Microsoft (MCSE NT4 --       | -   ITIL Foundations (2014)      |
|     > MCP+I)                     |                                  |
|                                  | -   TOGAF 9.1 Levels 1 and       |
| -   Altiris (ACE, -- Altiris     |     > 2 (2015)                   |
|     > Certified Engineer 6.0)    |                                  |
|                                  | -   Extensive Macquarie          |
| -   Project Management --        |     > Leadership Training        |
|     > Chiefly Business School    |     > (Macquarie Directors       |
|                                  |     > Program).                  |
+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

**EDUCATION**

-   1997 -- BA Technology/Applied computer sciences (75% complete),
    > University of Southern QLD, Toowoomba
